Added interface for plugins to add JsonRpcRequestHandlers to the language server (#5161)
dafny-lang/dafny: docs/DafnyRef/Plugins.md

  </ItemGroup>
```

#### 15.1.2.1. Code actions plugin

> The code actions will be simple: Add a dummy comment in front of the first method name,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This code action plugin will add a dummy comment in front of the first method name,
```
Shorter is easier to read.

if the selection is on the line of the method.

> Then, open the file `MyPlugin.cs`, remove everything, and write the imports and a namespace:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open the file `MyPlugin.cs`, remove everything, and write the imports and a namespace:
```

  };
```

#### 15.1.2.2. Request handler plugin

> The request handler will be simple: the request will get a `TextDocumentIdentifier` as parameter and will return a `bool` value denoting whether the provided `DocumentUri` has any `LoopStmt`'s in it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This request handler plugin enhance the language server to support a request with a `TextDocumentIdentifier` as parameter, and will return a `bool` value denoting whether the provided `DocumentUri` has any `LoopStmt`'s in it.
```

> Then, open the file `MyPlugin.cs`, remove everything, and write the imports and a namespace:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open the file `MyPlugin.cs`, remove everything, and write the imports and a namespace:
```

```csharp
using OmniSharp.Extensions.JsonRpc;
using OmniSharp.Extensions.LanguageServer.Server;
using OmniSharp.Extensions.LanguageServer.Protocol.Models;
using Microsoft.Dafny.LanguageServer.Plugins;
using Microsoft.Dafny.LanguageServer.Workspace;
using MediatR;
using Microsoft.Dafny;

namespace MyPlugin;
```

After that, add a `PluginConfiguration` that will add all the request handlers of your plugin.
This class will be discovered and instantiated automatically by Dafny.
```csharp
public class TestConfiguration : PluginConfiguration {
  public override LanguageServerOptions WithPluginHandlers(LanguageServerOptions options) {
    return options.WithHandler<DummyHandler>();
  }
}
```

> Note that you could also override the methods `GetRewriters()` and `GetCompilers()` for other purposes, but this is out of scope for this tutorial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
These two methods are already mentioned above and I find it breaks the flow of the tutorial
